we;we;we;we;we;we;we;we;we;we;we;we;wy
Bole miesni;Bole glowy;Bole gardla;Bole brzucha;Kaszel;Katar;Goraczka;Problemy oddechowe;Biegunka;Zmeczenie;Kichanie;Wymioty;Choroba
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;mokry;przezroczysty;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;zolty;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;mokry;zolty;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;zielony;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;mokry;zielony;brak;brak;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;przeziebienie
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
silne;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;grypa
lekkie;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
lekkie;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;lekkie;brak;brak;covid
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;brak;covid
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;zolty;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;suchy;zielony;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;mokry;przezroczysty;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;mokry;zolty;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;lekkie;brak;brak;mokry;zielony;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;notoryczne;brak;alergia
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;mokry;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;mokry;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;mokry;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;mokry;brak;tak;silne;tak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;lekkie;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
brak;brak;brak;silne;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;ptasia grypa
silne;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
silne;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
silne;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
silne;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
lekkie;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
lekkie;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
lekkie;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
lekkie;lekkie;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;grypa jelitowa
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;brak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;mokry;brak;brak;silne;brak;silne;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;mokry;brak;tak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;suchy;brak;brak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;gruzlica
brak;brak;brak;brak;mokry;brak;brak;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;gruzlica
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;przezroczysty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zolty;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zolty;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zolty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zolty;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zielony;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zielony;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zielony;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;tak;swinska grypa
silne;silne;lekkie;brak;suchy;zielony;tak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;swinska grypa
brak;silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;angina
brak;silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;brak;brak;brak;angina
brak;silne;silne;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;angina
brak;silne;silne;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;brak;brak;brak;angina
brak;lekkie;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;angina
brak;lekkie;silne;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;brak;brak;brak;angina
brak;lekkie;silne;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;angina
brak;lekkie;silne;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;brak;brak;brak;brak;angina
brak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;zatrucie pokarmowe
lekkie;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;zatrucie pokarmowe
brak;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;zatrucie pokarmowe
lekkie;brak;brak;silne;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;brak;brak;tak;zatrucie pokarmowe
silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;brak;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;brak;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;brak;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;brak;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria
silne;silne;brak;lekkie;suchy;brak;tak;silne;tak;silne;brak;tak;malaria